[3.6.0] docs(pdfviewer): Initial PdfViewer Documentation (#1141)
telerik/blazor-docs: components/pdfviewer/overview.md

## PdfViewer Parameters

The table below lists the PDF Viewer parameters. Also check the [PDF Viewer API Reference](/blazor-ui/api/Telerik.Blazor.Components.TelerikPdfViewer) for all parameters, methods and events.

@[template](/_contentTemplates/common/parameters-table-styles.md#table-layout)

| Parameter | Type and Default&nbsp;Value | Description |
| --- | --- | --- |
| `Class` | `string` | An additional CSS class for the `<div class="k-pdf-viewer">` element. Use it to [customize the component styles and override the theme]({%slug themes-override%}). |
| `Data` | `byte[]` | The source of the currently displayed PDF file. |
| `EnableLoaderContainer` | `bool` <br /> (`true`) | Determines if the PDF Viewer will show a loading animation during opening, downloading or zooming a PDF file. |
| `Height` | `string` | The PdfViewer height as a [CSS length value]({%slug common-features/dimensions%}). If not set, the component will expand vertically, based on the loaded file. `Height` is required for the component paging and scrolling to work. |

> | `MaxZoom` | `decimal` <br /> (`4m`) | The largest possible zoom level. The default value is 400%. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `MaxZoom` | `decimal` <br /> (`4m`) | The largest possible zoom level. The default value allows zooming in 4 times (400%). |
```

> | `MinZoom` | `decimal` <br /> (`0.5m`) | The smallest possible zoom level. The default value is 50%. |

Author: ```suggestion
| `MinZoom` | `decimal` <br /> (`0.5m`) | The smallest possible zoom level. The default value allows zooming out to 50%. |
```

    {
        args.FileName = "PDF-Viewer-Download";
    }

    protected override void OnInitialized()
    {
        PdfSource = Convert.FromBase64String(PdfBase64);

        base.OnInitialized();
    }

    private string PdfBase64 { get; set; } = @"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";
}
````

## Toolbar

The [PdfViewer toolbar can render built-in and custom tools]({%slug pdfviewer-toolbar%}). The default tools are related to the built-in features such as:

* Paging
* Zoom
* Text selection
* Pan
* Search

> * Open and download

Author: This is a list of features, not tools. I was even considering to merge text selection and panning to reduce the section space. If it looks strange, I can split everything.

> * Open and download

Author: P.S. I grouped the features by topic in just three list items. Looks compact and consistent with the rest of the content.
